hey guys I have seen a lot of youtubers
talking about their pixie stories so I
thought I would share mine
I was quite unusual in that I went from
having long red hair to a pixie cut very
suddenly whereas most girls go gradually
from long hair to shoulder length to a
bob and then finally a pixie I actually
dyed my hair red when I was 16 which was
a real confidence boost that I really
needed at the time because I was really
insecure about how I looked but by the
time I got to uni I was a lot more
comfortable in my own skin and then I
realized just how unmanageable having
red hair was because I had to read I it
every five weeks and you know away at
uni I just didn't have the time or the
money as a lot of girls with long hair
will know having long hair is so much
work I would spend over an hour just
styling it to go out in the evening and
that was not feasible so I decided that
I wanted a pixie cut and that I wanted
this more than anything I think I've
ever wanted in my life I fantasized
about having short hair and so when I
got home for Easter I just chopped it
off I went to the salon and I said just
just cut it off and it was still red at
that point so it wasn't too much of a
change but I felt so liberated so
empowered honestly like a new person I
felt like I can do anything I could
conquer the world if I wanted to
so the next step for me was then to go
blonde and so I went back to the salon a
few weeks later and I started having the
red bleached out which took over five
hours in the salon and it was a really
grueling process and my hair is still a
bit red and
in the sunlight which you might be able
to tell I'm not sure how good this
cameras
honestly when it went blonde I drove
home to my mom spent the whole time in
the car fighting back tears got home and
just collapse because I was so shocked
that it was so different and I couldn't
stand looking at myself in the mirror so
for a few days I didn't leave the house
I wouldn't look in mirrors I just felt
so insecure I remember coming coming
down one day to my mom and saying and
crying on her saying I look like a boy
and and she was like no no no Jess you
look you look violet like a girl but I
just couldn't I couldn't deal with
having such a big change so I think if
you're considering and getting a pixie
cut do keep in mind that it is a massive
change you might take a few days or a
week or so to get used to it so I did
take about a week to be fully
comfortable with it but the biggest
change for me it happened when I came
back to uni and the reception I got from
my friends was absolutely overwhelming
everyone was telling me how much they
loved it people that I barely knew were
messaging me saying how lovely they
thought my hair was and how much it
suited me and it just made so much of a
difference to my confidence about my
hair and now I absolutely love it and I
think it's one of the best things I've
ever done to my parents and so I just
felt I felt so good having had so many
compliments from from my friends so my
advice to anyone if they're considering
a pixie cut would be just to fully with
all your heart go for it because
honestly it's just hair and this grows
super fast so it wouldn't be long until
it grew back if you really didn't like
it thanks for watching this video guys
if you do like
let me know and I might do more about my
hair